# Git-Story

Prompt:
From birth, your parents have done everything they could to stop you from going out during a full moon. 
At the age of 16, curiosity overwhelms you and you sneak out of the house during a full moon. You take a peek at the moon, and suddenly you turn into a log cabin. You are a werehouse.


Story:
I've never been fond of defiance, but I do understand why many children grow up to hate their parents. Since birth they've harbored me and kept their secrets. They think I don't know. They still think I haven't figured it out yet. The way they frantically close every curtain when there's a full moon out, or sometimes forcing me into the basement for the night. I even found the wolfbane they hid in my room just for safety. The writing's been on the walls since the day I was born. I am a werewolf. I just don't understand why they would want to hide this from me. It's a way of life and I deserve to be who I really am. It's not like I'm going to get hurt or anything either. I've seen Twilight and the only person who lost anything was me with ten hours of my life. My parents might want to hide me from the world, but one way or another it's going to find out, so it might as well be tonight. It's time for this wolf to howl.

And as I tip-toe out of my clustered room, the creaking door suddenly fills the empty silence. The moonlight creeps in through the windows, like a hand reaching out to me. I gain sentience, I gain revelation, but at the cost of betrayal. When I feel the tension in my spine build up to its peak, a window slams open, and the wind is a siren as it entices me to go outside. The stumbling of a grown man wakes from the trance, jumping out of sight and behind our raggedy couch before my dad slams his door open. Frantically, he closes the window, curses at the wind, and takes a look around the room. And my eyes widen in realization as I notice the darkness pour over from the crack in my door into the common room. His eyes widen too, and he begins to head towards my door. The door creaks its miserable creak once again, as the door is opened just another crack. And he peeps his head in, peeps his head out (no, he does not shake it all about), and lets the door be miserable once again as it just about closes. Heading back to his room, I battle with two curiosities -- why did he close the door? What about werewolf status? In a swift eyeroll, I tiptoe back over to my room, and slowly creak the door back open. The emptiness of the room fills the air, when suddenly I notice that my blanket and pillows are so disorganized that they form the shape of a body in my bed. I thank the werewolf gods, then the mess gods, and finally the luck gods before I make my way back to the door. More stumbling breaks the empty silence, but at this point, my hand is already on the shiny golden knob of the door standing between me and the truth.

I slowly open the door as it let out a soft creak. I stepped outside and let the moonlight shine all over me while admiring the moon at its finest. Our house is pretty far away from any city, practically in the woods as my father thought the trees could block most of the moon. But on a night like this, the rays from the moon burn through all the leaves, making it a perfect day to find out the truth. I clear a spot for me to sit down, pushing away rusty leaves and fallen tree branches when my foot. This is my first time really looking at the moon, a beautiful space rock indeed, I start to wonder why father would hide such a sight. When does the transformation start? I don't feel any different than I was 10 minutes ago. Am I really a werewolf like I thought? After a while I started to feel dizzy, so it might be best to start headed back inside. I started to feel alot heaiver however and couldn't move from my spot. Is the moonlight pushing me down, was this the real truth? I fell to the ground and started to crawl slowly to the door, until I realize that I lost all feelings to my arms and legs that soon they were frozen solid. It might be from the lack of sleep for the past few days but it looked like my arms had turn into wooden planks and my legs into piles of mud. "Am I a werehouse?" I thought as I passed out.

I woke with the risen morning sun blazing in my face through the treeling. The sky directly above me was still filled with twilight, but as I looked down I noticed my own body. Parts of my cloths were in tatters, but my arms and legs were there for all to see. For a moment, I figured the horrors I had seen before was only a dream, but when I sat up from the huge, flat rock, I noticed a family staring down at me.

They were a small family. Husband and wife with three kids and suitcases for each of them. I stood up from the rock, confused by their presence. When they saw that I was responsive, the lead of the family held out a hand. "Excuse me, we found a beutiful log cabin on Air BNB but we can't seem to find it. Do you happen to know where we would find such a thing?" My mind was still a haze, but I managed to point him in the direction of the nearest town. It wasn't until all five of the family had picked up their bags and turned away, walking to the edge of the forest, when my mind registered what the father had asked.

My changing, it was a dream... right? It had to be. Whoever heard of something as silly as turning into a house during a full moon. I sighed, my head still hurting from the haze of the night, and turned away to walk back to my house. If I was lucky, I'd be able to get home and back in bed without my parents ever noticing I was gone. Still, I had one thing to keep in mind.

Next time there's a full moon, I'm sleeping in the basement.

I wonder what the price for wolfbane is this year.
